docs: Add contributing guidelines (#43)
orlandos-nl/DNSClient: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Core Principles

These are the foundational principles of our library. Adherence to them is required for all contributions.

### 1. Strict Standards Compliance

The keywords "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

**All implementations MUST strictly adhere to the relevant IETF RFCs.**

*   When implementing a feature defined by an RFC (e.g., a new record type), you are expected to read and understand the standard.
*   Your Pull Request description **MUST** cite the specific RFC(s) and section(s) that your implementation is based on.
*   The data structures and logic **MUST** be a direct and accurate representation of the standard.

### 2. Architectural Principles

We enforce a strong **Separation of Concerns** to keep the library clean and maintainable.

*   **Data Models MUST Be Pure:** Structs representing DNS data (like `ARecord` or `AAAARecord`) **MUST** be simple, plain-data types that are a 1-to-1 mapping of the data defined in the RFC.

> *   **Do Not Mix Layers:** Do not couple data models with higher-level networking abstractions. For example, an `ARecord` model **MUST** contain only the 32-bit address; it **MUST NOT** contain a `SocketAddress`, which is a higher-level type used for establishing connections. The creation of networking types from data models is the responsibility of the code that *uses* the library, not the library's data models themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Do Not Mix Layers:** Do not couple data models with abstractions. We create our own record types, and translate to different currency types of the ecosystem if the need exists.
```
